In the last lecture we fetched some post data and we can render it to the screen by updating our state.
But of course we're fetching too many posts here now for a real application.
You probably can send some query parameter to your back and to restrict the amount of data you want
to fetch some pagination basically.
But of course we can all transform the data once we got it.
So here I'll add a new constant posts.
I'm now in the van block of component that mount and sign response data here.
Now I'll call the slice method on that array and only get the elements 1 to 4 to only fetch the first
four posts.
Actually I fetched him all but I only store 4 of them in that post constant of them create a second
constant updated posts even because I want to add an awful field to my posts.
Now typically you would of course get this from your back end but are fake back and doesn't have it.
So I simply added here to all to show you that of course you can edit the data you fetch from the server.
We're just working with javascript in the end so we can add any javascript code we want.
So here I will take my posts called a map method on them and for each post I want to return a new javascript
object where I distribute the property off the post so the properties we got from the server basically.
And then also add a new offer property which all hard code to max with data go got the updated posts
now and I'll set the posts to my steady state to them.
Now the data we get back from the server was shortened and transformed in that we added the offer field
and that of course is just one example of transformation to showcase that you can of course work with
the data you will get back before setting it to the state with that change in place.
We now got that off revealed that all is a field of one output in that post element.
So there I expect to get.
Offer Propp.
I can now set this prob in the block container here.
I can.
All the pastis this offer should be post offer that offer field we just added to each object we store
in the state.
We save this we now see the offer here and we see only four posts.
This is how you can transform the data how you can work with the data in component did MT.
In this example.